I should pay attention to.
How could you say that?
You know how good the fortuneteller is.
Whether you believe him or not
is up to you.
Unless war breaks out,
you can't kill 13 virgins.
Besides, this is your second marriage.
So if your husband dies,
you'll be in a pitiful situation,
Ms. Hong.
Your future is whatever you make it.
Even Yi Seong-gye slit his palm
to change the lines
to become king
when he was withdrawing
his army from Wihwa Island.
Exactly.
"Everything depends on your mind."
Your future is whatever you make it.
-Cheers.
I'm sorry, Yeong-ro,
that you have to leave while we stay.
Don't be, Hye-ryeong.
I'm the one who should be sorry.
Because of me,
you can't even get phone calls.
Have you decided where to go?
Your cousin's house?
My father's house.
Your father?
Your father lives in Seoul?
After my mom passed away ten years ago,
he married this really annoying woman.
Since then, I lived with my grandma
in the countryside.
I feel so bad for you, Yeong-ro.
Come on. I'm all right.
I'll be glad if I lose weight
from walking on eggshells.
Cheers.
Goodness.
Yeong-ro…
Stop crying.
Stop.
Since I moved into the dorm,
I've made new friends,
and you two are like
big sisters to me.
I have been really happy
living here with you.
Thank you guys so much for everything.
I mean it.
-Yeong-ro…
-Hye-ryeong.
-Hey, stop crying.
I'll come visit you often.
YOON SEOL-HUI, EUN YEONG-RO
YEO JEONG-MIN, KO HYE-RYEONG
What do I do now?
I'm getting kicked out of the dorm.
Before I leave,
could you please grant my wish?
Please make Soo-ho call me.
Please. Just once.
Please?
TAEGEUK HARDWARE STORE
Be safe.